README.md, before:

# curriculum-databases-projects-template

> This template should be used for database related projects at Microverse.
> Generate your own repository, update this README and edit all files content while working on projects. You should not be adding any new files unless asked otherwise.


## Getting Started

This repository includes files with plain SQL that can be used to recreate a database:

- Use [schema.sql](./schema.sql) to create all tables.
- Use [data.sql](./data.sql) to populate tables with sample data.
- Check [queries.sql](./queries.sql) for examples of queries that can be run on a newly created database. **Important note: this file might include queries that make changes in the database (e.g., remove records). Use them responsibly!**


## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Update README file agree with personal and general information

README.md, after:

# Vet Clinic Database

> This is a database for a vet clinic. It contains information about animals and their owners.
> It also contains information about the vets working at the clinic and the treatments they have performed.


## Getting Started

This repository includes files with plain SQL that can be used to recreate a database:

- Use [schema.sql](./schema.sql) to create all tables.
- Use [data.sql](./data.sql) to populate tables with sample data.
- Check [queries.sql](./queries.sql) for examples of queries that can be run on a newly created database. **Important note: this file might include queries that make changes in the database (e.g., remove records). Use them responsibly!**


## Authors

👤 **Robin Benitez Mora**

- GitHub: [@robinbenitezmora](https://github.com/robinbenitezmora)
- Twitter: [@Mecanico_Robin](https://twitter.com/mecanico_robin)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/robin-benitez-mora/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
